Linux Fundamentals Part 1 (Task 1 - 4)

Welcome to the first part of the "Linux Fundamentals" room series. You're most likely using a Windows or Mac machine, both are different in visual design and how they operate. Just like Windows, iOS and MacOS, Linux is just another operating system and one of the most popular in the world powering smart cars, android devices, supercomputers, home appliances, enterprise servers, and more.

Task 1 - No Answers Needed

Task 2 - 
Q - Research: What year was the first release of a Linux operating system?
A - 1991

Task 3 - No Answers Needed 

Task 4 - 
Q - If we wanted to output the text "TryHackMe", what would our command be?
A - echo TryHackMe

Q - What is the username of who you're logged in as on your deployed Linux machine?
A - tryhackme

Task 5 -

Q - On the Linux machine that you deploy, how many folders are there?
A - 4

Q - Which directory contains a file? 
A - folder4

Q - What is the contents of this file?
A - Hello World

Q - Use the cd command to navigate to this file and find out the new current working directory. What is the path?
A - /home/tryhackme/folder4

Task 6 -

Q - Use grep on "access.log" to find the flag that has a prefix of "THM". What is the flag?
A - THM{ACCESS}

Q - And I still haven't found what I'm looking for!
A - No Answer Needed 

Task 7 - 

Q - If we wanted to run a command in the background, what operator would we want to use?
A - &

Q - If I wanted to replace the contents of a file named "passwords" with the word "password123", what would my command be?
A - echo password123 > passwords


Q - Now if I wanted to add "tryhackme" to this file named "passwords" but also keep "passwords123", what would my command be
A - echo tryhackme >> passwords

Q - Now use the deployed Linux machine to put these into practice
A - No answer needed

Task 8 - 

Q - I'll have a play around!
A - No answer needed

Task 9 - No Answers needed 

After completion of the part 1 you'll can start the part two of Linux Fundamentals - https://tryhackme.com/jr/linuxfundamentalspart2
